China is going into panic mode right now
you've got Warren Buffett making changes
a lot is happening economically
geopolitically and I'm going to bring
all of that to you welcome truth Seekers
you've landed in the right place I want
to bring you what others simply can't so
join this Grassroots movement of nearly
300 000 people hit that subscribe and
the notification beside it so that we
can conquer This Together speaking of
which we need to look at what's going on
inside of China to be able to realize
how this affects the global economy it
is a Bellwether it is a signal and I'm
going to show you all the details you
need to know first let's look at this
China Cuts two more key lending rates as
economy sputters now they're doing it
very minimally but they're doing it in
stages they're doing it methodically and
I think it's important to address the
obvious fact many different indicators
of the economy are slowing down China's
economy is on course for a double dip I
think you you know when you look at the
data which I'll show you in a second
here it's pretty clear that it hasn't
had the strength that they wanted to
that we were told was going to happen
they locked down for three years they
have so many problems and then they
tried to open up it was there in terms
of growth but generally not where they
wanted it to be and part of that is not
necessarily going on inside of the
borders of China it's all around the
world a lot of countries are not
importing the way they did inventories
in China have been piling up so many
things are happening here as well
geopolitically a lot of countries are
saying we don't like what happened for
three years we've had these issues and
maybe it's going to be open from here on
out but maybe not and so we're going to
then diversify out and I'll show you
some examples of that going on today the
obvious ones are many factories being
opened up in Vietnam they're being
opened up in India I would like to make
it very clear these are really just for
the very biggest of companies like apple
you cannot set up the logistics anywhere
near what you have with China but if
you're a big company like apple you can
set that up you can make that happen if
you're a smaller medium-sized company
it's just not going to happen Vietnam
India their Logistics are much much
further behind we're talking maybe 15
years behind what we see in China so
keep that in mind here you can see
several statistics just the recent data
coming out China's retail sales down
fixed asset investment right there
industrial production and property
investment
unemployment rate has climbed okay this
youth unemployment rate specifically so
many different indicators are showing
some slowness right now after all of
what they have tried to do and then of
course that impacts the currency while
Yuan struggles other country China
proxies are beginning to soar China's
underwhelming economic rebound ways on
the Yuan Juan and the Aussie dollar
benefit from Tailwinds outside of China
so you could see this it's just
something that is always going to be in
flux who knows even by the time you're
watching this video but the point is
China is doing a lot of stimulus and
many other countries you know see that
as they uh you know are going through
their own trials and tribulations a lot
is happening today and we're just trying
to keep up with it but you could see
that it has you know what everything
that China's done the lockdowns the
struggles
this has an obvious effect and it's not
overnight but these type of things I'm
noticing more of and this is it
Microsoft to move top AI experts from
China to new lab in Canada
beijing-based researchers apply for
visas to move to Vancouver amid
geopolitical tensions so you could see
the direct effect the ramifications of
all this companies are saying uh you
know what let's move a few people out of
there they're not moving everybody they
won't move everybody they love to do
business with China but they're not
going to be you know a one-trick pony
anymore that's what's happening for a
lot of countries I'm also seeing more
investment taking place in Mexico
because the Labor's definitely cheaper
when you compare it to some other places
it's very close to home if you're you
know exporting to the United States or
to Canada and so they can even move
stuff on truck if they need to
um which you don't have to rely on the
sea shipping which was terrible for a
while truck shipping though I'm gonna
tell you my own personal experience
right now the prices are absurd the
delays are incredible I'm getting more
delays and higher prices now than I did
at any point through 2020 and 2021 that
goes for Amazon's delivery services that
they have
for what's called less than truckload so
you're moving you know 2 000 units four
thousand units a few pallets
that's much more expensive than it was
before as well as UPS okay all of that
has gone up I don't understand what's
going on because the freight rates have
all come down not cool okay let me tell
you so here we have it you could see
China's uh Emperor greet's old friend
Billy G in first meeting with a U.S
business Magnus in years and you
probably heard about this one in the
news he said my friend you're here this
is um great to see you you're the first
person we've seen in Beijing
in years and um I think it's pretty
clear that these two are very friendly
but I want me to move on with that this
is just a few things that I'll show you
China's new premier visits Germany in
first foreign trip so this is one again
they're trying to make deals they're
trying to say hey we're going to get out
there we're going to make friends we're
going to do business we want the
contacts we want this to happen and I
think we're going to see a lot more of
that blanken and Emperor of China
pledged to stabilize U.S China relations
in rare Beijing talks this is positive
we want to see them talking we want to
see the discussions happening and we
don't want to go back to all this back
and forth Taiwan the ships are roaming
around there's airplanes they're buzzing
each other that's not positive for
anybody nobody wins in that circumstance
other than the military-industrial
complex so this is good we'll see what
happens if anything comes out of it I'm
seeing more peace actually today in some
regions like what about what's going on
with Saudi and Iran very big news there
for years and years they were bumping
heads of course we got what's going on
in Yemen where they're funding both
sides of the war there
and now they're actually talking they're
literally sitting down having
discussions so this is all positive
obviously we have Russia Ukraine right
now which is real hot but I'm hoping
that that will stabilize at some point
they'll make some concessions and then
uh they come to those agreements and
hopefully hopefully we can see that this
year I don't know we don't know but
laptop
um this is really talking about a movie
that coming out uh inside of China and
it's you know clearly I think it's
related to Taiwan but this is
interesting
so the leader of China made a notable
speech on National Security peppered
with Maritime metaphors we must be
prepared for a worst case scenario and
extreme scenarios and be ready to
withstand the major test of high winds
choppy Waters and even dangerous storms
a week later it was an inner Mongolia he
called on the Army to forge the Great
Wall of Steel to defend the country and
defend the border so the talk that he's
been using for a while now has been very
very clear distinct they're seem like
they're preparing for war they're
preparing for the worst and they are
going real hard Iron Fist
they wanted to do the lockdowns they
made that happen they didn't back off
for three years okay people were clearly
not too happy about it but they locked
down and businesses all these different
things throughout the economy were
happening the real estate has been going
down 62 trillion dollars asset class I
mean you you're yet you have some
serious issues inside of China right now
and China is scrambling China is
panicking and they can make good moves
here we will see what they do though
they're going to do the stimulus we know
that that's obvious they have to fix the
real estate sector and get they need
right now they want to fix the situation
they need for an investment so they're
going to go to all these different
countries and they're going to do deals
and we'll see what happens we'll see how
much of that can stimulate inside of
China even when they're doing business
outside their own borders all right real
quick looking at this China and Russia
may be expanding natural gas cooperation
this is something that's been going on a
little while they are doing much more
business with Russia as well as Saudi
right now than they did in years prior
China steps up game with the first quote
floating oil factory I thought it was
interesting delivered its first smart
floating production storage and
offloading fpso with Lan C integrated
operating system making a breakthrough
in the country's application of the
digital twin technology so it can store
a hundred thousand tons
so huge right and so I think this is
going to be potentially used for
um you know maybe with Iran maybe with
Venezuela maybe they'll be using this so
they can get that stuff get it on this
ship and then utilize that for their own
needs that's my guess maybe with Russia
as well they can skirt around
um
sanctions who knows who knows this is
just one thing I wanted to bring to you
and we will see how it unfolds
geopolitically we're tying in the
geopolitical parts as well as the
economic
this is something I just found that I
had to show you guys this finland's
average electricity price slips into
negative territory can you believe this
an oversupply a virtually emission-free
electricity is mainly due to Spring
flooding which is supercharging Hydro
power production so while the whole
world is paying for these extremely high
electricity prices my friends in Finland
are getting it at a negative well at
least that's the cost crazy right but
these things can happen and that's why
we have to set up our countries in order
to succeed to make these things happen
it takes Financial investment but
hopefully they make the right choices
instead of just enriching their friends
do you see and that's for China right
now hopefully that they will make the
right decisions to get growth because
growth in China means growth everywhere
else too we got to realize that
but each Country Canada should be doing
the same yeah countries in Europe should
be doing the same U.S and so on all
right
and right now you've got to take action
you have to get your own preparations in
place whether that's energy whether
that's a huge Garden in your backyard
you got to take those steps but also to
increase your income as well so
definitely check out this video where I
break it all down click it and I'll see
you there